I can't believe it.
You're watching the final video in the course.
You did it.
You went through hours and hours of video.
And trust me it was painful to make but I also understand that it wasn't easy.
Most students that watched this course won't finish the course because it does take a lot of dedication.
It does take a lot of hours and it does take a lot of practice to retain what you learn.
So for getting this far I want to thank you.
It really means a lot to me that you decided to spend your valuable time learning from me.
It allows me to do what I do because of you so give yourself a pat on the back for getting this far
for not quitting and hopefully for learning a little bit of Python.
I hope you had fun and I hope I didn't make the course too boring for you and I hope at the end of it
all you now feel comfortable with Python to do all sorts of things that we described in the course you
definitely deserve a break.
So thank you once again for being part of it all and I hope to see you in my other courses because while
in the world of technology there's a lot to learn out there.
So until next time I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.